add syntax feature documentation (#1256)
cmu-delphi/delphi-epidata: docs/api/covidcast.md

The current set of signals available for each data source is returned by the
[`covidcast_meta`](covidcast_meta.md) endpoint.

> #### Alternate Required Params
> 
> The following params help specify multiple source-signal, timetype-timevalue or geotype-geovalue pairs. Use them in replacement of the usual required params.
> 
> | Parameter | Replacing | Format | Description | Example |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Alternate Required Parameters

The following parameters help specify multiple source-signal, timetype-timevalue or geotype-geovalue pairs. Use them instead of the usual required parameters.

| Parameter | Replaces | Format | Description | Example |
```

remain the same as a previous issue. If you have a research problem that would
require knowing when we last confirmed an unchanged value, please get in touch.

#### Useful Syntax Features

The following params help specify multiple source-signal, timetype-timevalue or geotype-geovalue pairs. Use them in replacement of the usual required params.

> | Parameter | Format | Description | Example |

Reviewer: this is a good layout!  it might be easier to understand what its good for if you put it right underneath the "Required" table and named it something related to "alternatives", plus add a column called "Replacement For"

| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `signal` | `signal={source}:{signal1},{signal2}` | Specify multiple source-signal pairs, grouped by source | `signal=src1:sig1`, `signal=src1:sig1,sig2`, `signal=src1:*`, `signal=src1:sig1;src2:sig3` |

> | `time` | `time={timetype}:{timevalue1},{timevalue2}` | Specify multiple timetype-timevalue pairs, grouped by timetype | `time=day:*`, `time=day:20201201`, `time=day:20201201,20201202`, `time=day:20201201-20201204`, `time=day:*;day:20201201` |

Reviewer: i would remove the last `time` example, its syntactically valid but semantically redundant
```suggestion
| `time` | `time={timetype}:{timevalue1},{timevalue2}` | Specify multiple timetype-timevalue pairs, grouped by timetype | `time=day:*`, `time=day:20201201`, `time=day:20201201,20201202`, `time=day:20201201-20201204` |
```

https://api.delphi.cmu.edu/epidata/covidcast/?data_source=fb-survey&signal=smoothed_cli&time_type=day&geo_type=county&time_values=20200406-20200410&geo_value=06001

or

https://api.delphi.cmu.edu/epidata/covidcast/?signal=fb-survey:smoothed_cli&time=day:20200406-20200410&geo=county:06001

> Both these URLs syntax can be used to get the following result:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both of these URLs are equivalent and can be used to get the following result:
```
